c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\bin\Debug\XMLCharSheets.exe
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\bin\Debug\XMLCharSheets.pdb
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.g.resources
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.exe
c:\users\johnathan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheets\XMLCharSheets\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.pdb
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\bin\Debug\XMLCharSheets.exe
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\bin\Debug\XMLCharSheets.pdb
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.g.resources
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.exe
C:\Users\Kastner\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\XMLCharSheet\XMLCharSheet\obj\x86\Debug\XMLCharSheets.pdb
